docs: reframe prefetching around automatic vs. controllable behavior (#95896)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/prefetching.mdx

When navigating to the new page, there's no full page reload or browser loading spinner. Instead, Next.js performs a [client-side transition](/docs/app/getting-started/linking-and-navigating#client-side-transitions), making the page navigation feel instant.

## What Next.js prefetches automatically

> Next.js prefetches automatically in production. As each `<Link>` enters the viewport, Next.js prefetches the route behind it, then schedules and reuses those requests so a page full of links doesn't flood the network. What gets prefetched depends on whether [Cache Components](/docs/app/getting-started/caching) is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js prefetches automatically in production. As each `<Link>` enters the viewport, Next.js prefetches the route behind it and schedules the work so a page full of links doesn't flood the network. How much of each route it prefetches depends on whether the route is static or dynamic, and changes when [Cache Components](/docs/app/getting-started/caching) is enabled.
```

Although now it is about `partialPrefetching` (which reads more naturally too), right?

Automatic prefetching runs only in production. Disable with `prefetch={false}` or use the wrapper in [Disabled Prefetch](#disabled-prefetch).

> ### Cache Components

Reviewer: Could we re-organize like from:

```
static vs. dynamic  (default)
automatic prefetch  (default)
Cache Components    (opt-in)
prefetch scheduling (general)
client cache        (general)
```

To:

```
static vs. dynamic
automatic prefetch
prefetch scheduling
client cache
Cache Components     ← opt-in, at the end
```
